Common: Custom Chain File Integration (#1034)
ethereumjs/ethereumjs-monorepo: packages/common/README.md

### Working with private/custom chains

> There are two distinct APIs availale for setting up custom(ized) chains.

Author: Updated (next push).

values to the constructor using the `chain` parameter or the `setChain()` method, here is some example:

```typescript
import myCustomChain from './[PATH]/myCustomChain.json'
const common = new Common({ chain: myCustomChain })
```

If you just want to change some certain parameters on a chain configuration it can also be conveniened to use 
the `Common.forCustomChain()` method. With this method you can base your custom chain configuration with
a standard one (so using all the values from `baseChain` as the default values) and then just provide the
parameters you want to override:

```typescript
const customChainParams = { name: 'custom', chainId: 123, networkId: 678 }
const customChainCommon = Common.forCustomChain('mainnet', customChainParams, 'byzantium')
```

### Initialize using customChains Array

A second way for custom chain initialization is to use the `customChains` constructor option. This
option comes with more flexibility and allows for an activation-independent initialization (e.g. to
initialize with `mainnet` activated but with an additional `myCustomChain` available) as well as

> initializing with an arbitrary number of your own custom chain configuration objects:

Reviewer: From this description I am not entirely sure what this does. I can initialize a common which is set to the default `mainnet`, but I can also pass an array with extra chain parameters - how do I activate them? Should I activate them by setting it as hardfork?

Author: Have rewritten this, hope this makes it more clear.

### Working with private/custom chains

There are two distinct APIs available for setting up custom(ized) chains.

### Activate with a single custom Chain setup

If you want to initialize a `Common` instance with a single custom chain which is then directly activated
you can pass a dictionary - conforming to the parameter format described above - with your custom chain 
values to the constructor using the `chain` parameter or the `setChain()` method, here is some example:

```typescript
import myCustomChain from './[PATH]/myCustomChain.json'
const common = new Common({ chain: myCustomChain })
```

> If you just want to change some certain parameters on a chain configuration it can also be conveniened to use 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you just want to change certain parameters on a chain configuration it can also be convenient to use 
```
